Topology management doc updates (#17451)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/device-plugins.md

Support for the "PodResources service" requires `KubeletPodResources` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) to be enabled. It is enabled by default starting with Kubernetes 1.15.

## Device Plugin integration with Topology Manager

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.16" state="alpha" >}}

> Topology Manager is a new Kubelet component that allows reaources to be co-ordintated in a Topology aligned manner. In order to do this, the Device Plugin API was extended to include a `TopologyInfo` struct. 

Reviewer: s/^Topology Manager/^The Topology Manager/

s/reaources/resources/

```gRPC
message TopologyInfo {
	repeated NUMANode nodes = 1;
}

message NUMANode {
    int64 ID = 1;
}
```
Device Plugins that wish to leverage the Topology Manager can send back a populated TopologyInfo struct as part of the device registration, along with the device IDs and the health of the device. The device manager will then use this information to consult with the Topology Manager to make resource assingment decisions based on Topology alignment.

> 

Reviewer: We should explicitly mention why `nodes` is a `repeated` field instead of just a single node.  We should also explicitly mention that `nodes` should be `nil` for devices that have no NUMA topology information for them (which is the default).  There was some confusion in the past about whether it should be set to `-1` instead.

Support for the "PodResources service" requires `KubeletPodResources` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) to be enabled. It is enabled by default starting with Kubernetes 1.15.

## Device Plugin integration with the Topology Manager

> {{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.16" state="alpha" >}}

Reviewer 2: If this is targeting the release for v1.17, this line isn't right.

Reviewer 2: Maybe I'm wrong and I've missed a detail?

> The Topology Manager is a new Kubelet component that allows resources to be co-ordintated in a Topology aligned manner. In order to do this, the Device Plugin API was extended to include a `TopologyInfo` struct. 

Reviewer 2: “new” dates quickly. Also, I see a typo
```suggestion
The Topology Manager is a kubelet component that takes topology into account when assigning work within a Node.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To support topology in your own Device Plugin, publish a `TopologyInfo` struct. For example:
```

```gRPC
message TopologyInfo {
	repeated NUMANode nodes = 1;
}

message NUMANode {
    int64 ID = 1;
}
```

> Device Plugins that wish to leverage the Topology Manager can send back a populated TopologyInfo struct as part of the device registration, along with the device IDs and the health of the device. The device manager will then use this information to consult with the Topology Manager to make resource assingment decisions based on Topology alignment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Device Plugins can send back a populated `TopologyInfo` struct as part of the device registration, along with the device IDs and the health of the device. The kubelet uses that information to guide resource assignment decisions.
```

Author: It is device manager in kubelet who uses the information, so I would prefer to leave it as that. I think kubelet is too vague,

> As of 1.16, the only field currently part of the `Topology Info` struct is a list of NUMA Nodes (this is to accomdate devices that could span NUMA nodes). Device Plugins that do not have, or do not wish to send back Topology Info should ensure the `nodes` field in the `Topology Info` struct is nil, which is the default. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`TopologyInfo` supports a `nodes` field that is either `nil` (the default) or a list of NUMA nodes. This lets a Device Plugin publish devices that can span NUMA nodes.
```

> As of 1.16, the only field currently part of the `Topology Info` struct is a list of NUMA Nodes (this is to accomdate devices that could span NUMA nodes). Device Plugins that do not have, or do not wish to send back Topology Info should ensure the `nodes` field in the `Topology Info` struct is nil, which is the default. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As of 1.16, the only field currently part of the `Topology Info` struct is a list of NUMA Nodes (this is to accommodate devices that could span NUMA nodes). Device Plugins that do not have, or do not wish to send back Topology Info should ensure the `nodes` field in the `Topology Info` struct is nil, which is the default. 
```

> More information on the Topology Manager availablle [here](/docs/tasks/adminster-cluster/topology-manager.md)

Reviewer 2: Consider moving this to the _What's next_ section at the foot of the page.

* Learn about [scheduling GPU resources](/docs/tasks/manage-gpus/scheduling-gpus/) using device plugins
* Learn about [advertising extended resources](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/extended-resource-node/) on a node
* Read about using [hardware acceleration for TLS ingress](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/04/24/hardware-accelerated-ssl/tls-termination-in-ingress-controllers-using-kubernetes-device-plugins-and-runtimeclass/) with Kubernetes
* Learn about [The Topology Manager] (/docs/tasks/adminster-cluster/topology-manager.md)

> >>>>>>> Update Topology Manager docs

Reviewer: It looks like there is a line from a merge conflict resolution here?

Author: Good spot, thanks! 
Removed line.
